Adds details on ADR structure to the documentation. (#694)
XanaduAI/pennylane: doc/development/guide/adr.rst

This document describes the requirements and recommendations for PennyLane ADRs.

When to write an ADR
--------------------

Not all contributions and modifications of the PennyLane source code requires an ADR.
Bug fixes and minor modifications can usually proceed directly to a pull request. Further,
straightforward modifications, where no major architectural or user interface decisions need
to be made---such as adding a new template or optimizer---can usually proceed directly
to a pull request.

On the other hand, the following changes typically require an ADR proposal:

* Changes to the user interface

* Changes to the device or plugin API

* Changes that affect multiple core components of the library

* New features that require decisions as to source code location and user interface

* Structural changes to the source code, documentation, or tests

If you are unsure if a change requires an ADR proposal or not, please open a
`GitHub issue <https://github.com/XanaduAI/pennylane/issue>`__ or post in the
`discussion forum <https://discuss.pennylane.ai>`__ to discuss it with the PennyLane
development team.

What to include in a PennyLane ADR
----------------------------------

> The ADR is typically a Markdown or reStructuredText document that outlines:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ADR is a Markdown or reStructuredText document that outlines:

```

* The context behind this design discussion,

* Analysis of potential options, pro/cons of each approaches, and any implementation 'gotchas' that
  might arise, and

* A summary of the decision and an outline of the required work package.

The ADR must have the following components:

**Title**
    The title should directly reflect the decision made by the ADR.

>     The title should be 50 characters or less, reflects the final decision, and is written in present
>     tense imperative form. For example, "Move common plugin utilities to PennyLane core", or "Add a

Author: Nice catch, have corrected the tense :)
```suggestion
    The title should be 50 characters or less, reflect the final decision, and be written in present
    tense imperative form. For example, "Move common plugin utilities to PennyLane core", or "Add a
```
